very good morning after we are almost there
coming on Friday like this with recipes that
they die my name is now no longer
be wonderful work team
it is better to prevent this on the mass
solar from where the health of your family
start right here in the kitchen today we
let's delight with a soup of
nopalitos very good that we are going to
make a delicious strawberry jelly and
to finish ones that we go to meat
ground is making a mass more
let's go to cook as things of
your lands that emotions, well, not with
one with a beer but better
one that there is no yes
and is ready to start with my
very first recipe that is applied in
local and this I do because martita
there would be more money
today on Mars the truth is that we
love then do necessary things and
so you love this
and today especially we are going to make a
super healthy because we're going to do
nothing that has dry onions
chopped chive a little mushroom
which is going to be the protein that has been
ported already in filetito also a little
of tomato that we cut the ice cube
such that they are cut into cubes
boiled and drained plus a little bit of
consume vegetables chilitos of these
some chilitos retinues those that you
want because I know that she cry
he put a stalk hours because he wants
your Havanans true emirates and a
little salt and pepper parsley and with
this we already have to make a delicious
I find it lovely, wonderful mind
and also what you're going to do to me
I imagined what happens
for this recipe there is no need because
there is no need for oil normally
if you would need to put oil on it but
as we need as those who are
common the initials of nothing processes
well then but here we do not have
spare parts no no then let's put
here a little onion I'm going to leave
brown
like me the one that I come from very golden not
good yellow we are going to put to brown
and this one
sorry and we are going to add the shopping
mushroom that can be any type
of fungus because in Mexico we have
very many can be a line from a
crimini up to and through these this
claritos concept could be an abortion
fast
because it is not no
quiet and things like that
and then I put a little salt Martin
so this is so
and how is it that nothing else has to see it
do not stick anything look, look, look, look
Behold
without having to put the spatula
in order to have
well I will add tomato
and the nopalitos
what is it about now is good at the time
boil the nopales do
with the letter of the green tomato for
that provide life and also
can do with the phoenix with a little
of copper then it is difficult to find
you know copper things then then
the Phoenix have copper and with that and if
you can not get Elvira weeping, not that
how he gets the copper out the truth
they are smelling him but he comes back from vision or
clear and I'll put a little bit of
be and pepper
here also so little and I'm going to
put the chilies this is with final end
it is this and through that he caught a
little time to take it and we're going
to put the consommé and you gave me pita
true truth account and all of us
they are seeing in little house they know they know
who believes this has no equal because
martita, look what they are made
precisely with the most advanced in
technology and this is very important that
emphasize it are facts of this edge
non-stick parent no no no no
non-stick sapphire and this means
that they will be able to cook any type
of saucer without using
fats nothing any kind of fats and their
so the food is not going to stick I do not know
do not stick it is very easy to wash and the
truth is that it is very easy to change
eating habits with the cane
because of Boston it allows you to leave a
side the fat and keep eating the
saucers that you like martita and you know
that rediscover the taste of food and
that's also basic and then you have a
capacity with ductor to have someone
hot evenly very fast and
big that they're going to save this is the
word that has come to join they go to
save time because cooking everything
very fast they will save in effort by
what we already said will save on water
and in heat you clean up your profile
war how much wave because there are many
people need to say
hijole this is like this or not when saying papyri
be so intimate they highlighted seven
adherent aspirants but they are not
sapphire we're thinking you do not know that
about all the wonders that the
flavor stone is so for the price
that is nothing and believe me is nothing
The only thing they have to do is mark the
number that appears on the screen called
completely free and give this battery of
kitchen concur in everything that
we are saying savings saving a thousand
percent because they are going to take it look
they are going to take what is the pan to
sauté the deep frying pan and cover
tempered glass but if you mark inside
the next half hour we are going to give you
gift buying your pans there is a
huge pan with which to fill us
for the whole family and also a
recipe book with recipes to suck the
fingers the best is the thing is not left
because we love it if we always
give them more more more general I love
what do you think about the 50 people
in marking what they already have their flavor
this takes away the gifts that I already said and
they take five knives play see this
but never those who are going to have knives
for life better and they're also going to
have sanctions for life because there are
Lifetime guarantee I'm going to give you a
advice call the hard ones that appear
on the screen bring their flavor stone
take the knives and run
to the notary, he arranges his inheritance because
inherited my island
my knives also because they know that
they are stuck any food you are
annoyed we returned their money or they
we give new ones that this offers us
they just are not sure of the quality
and besides that it takes our sopita
hear a little lemon like that in half
parsley
wants
wait for me, we go back in what I
love
here